>> Kyle Simpson: So I wanna point out just
a few things that you should be aware of
if you start trying to
color outside the lines.
Let me show you a few of those places
where the class you should be cautious.
First off you could not extend an object,
this actually I think my
biggest frustration or objection,
maybe my second biggest.
You can't mix classes and object together,
it's all classes or no classes.
You can't just extend an object, why?
I don't know, I have yelled and
screamed and thrown a fit,
they didn't pay any attention to me.
That'll cause a syntax error, sorry,
a run time error you're not
allowed to extend an object.
>> Kyle Simpson: Even though this
is supposedly just syntax sugar, so
theoretically Foo and Bar are actual
functions, you can't call them.
You can't just call the Foo and
more importantly, to my problem,
you can't call Bar and override it's this
or do any kind of this binding stuff.
You can't do anything dynamic with it.
You're not allowed to use those
classes as actual functions,
you're only allowed to use
them within the new keyword.
So, it's a full lock to it's
all classes or no classes.
>> Kyle Simpson: You're not allowed
to call the super function, sorry,
you're not allowed to reference this
keyword until after you've called
the super function in the constructor.
So it's very common for people to want to
when they're overwriting a constructor and
extending behavior,
setup some stuff in a specific way and
then call to the parent constructor.
So you'd wanna do something like setup of
this or set up some kind of thing, and
then call to the constructor.
That's not allowed,
you have to call the super first.
That's an unusual deviation from
typical class-oriented languages
because in typical class-oriented
languages, the end class,
the lowest derived class,
the furthest down in the chain,
is the one that creates and
initializes the object.
In JavaScript it's the reverse.
The most parent class is the one
that creates and initializes, so
it's kinda like a TDZ error.
This keyword is in its TDZ at this point.
You can't use it until you've called
the super all the way up, and
then you can use it.
I've seen a number of people
run across that gotcha before.
>> Kyle Simpson: This one's hard to
explain, but you've got to stick with me.
I have an A class and a C class,
and the C class extends A.
So look A and C, and you'll notice that
I declare this foo, which is this.1.
Just gonna call that, and I call super.2,
which is also gonna call that.
So when I instantiate C and I call x.foo,
I get one A, two A,
exactly the way we'd expect.
>> Kyle Simpson: But now, what if I wanna
take that foo function, this one right
here, and I wanna dynamically
rebind it to a different context.
Like for example, to the B context.
If I say x.foo.call (B),
we might expect it to say one,
two B because now we're saying
this.one and super.two.
Here is one of the crazy gotcha's,
with .call and .apply,
it overrides or dynamically binds the this
keyword, but the super keyword is static.
The super keyword stays fixed at
the time you declare the class, and
it can't be overridden by a .bind,
or a .call, or a .apply.
So if you have a mix and match between
a this and a super in your function,
your this keyword will be dynamic
sensitive, your super won't and
I've seen people run
in to that bug before.
>> Kyle Simpson: The reason they did not
make super dynamically dispatched as
opposed to statically fixed is for
performance, that's literally it.
They said, well it'll slower to
figure out super at run time.
So let's just statically fix it and
then just tell people don't try
to color outside the lines.
The super keyword is only
valid inside of functions that
are there as part of the class definition.
You can add to a class definition.
It is legal to say b.prototype.foo and
add a new function in.
But that newly added function
cannot use the super keyword.
The super keyword is only syntactically
valid if the function is there at
the time the class is declared, why?
Cuz the super is statically bound.
>> Kyle Simpson: So you can't add
to your class definitions and
still use the super keyword.
>> Kyle Simpson: You also can't
use the super keyword inside of
objects that delegate up to prototype.
I'm sorry, you can use them in objects and
methods, but
you have to use the concise
methods syntax.
So here I'm using concise ES concise
methods, I'm able to use super keyword.
Here is I do bar function,
I'm not allow to use the super keyword,
so you gotta stick with
the concise method syntax.
>> Speaker 2: Is that for
backward compatibility?
>> Kyle Simpson: It is because people used
to use the word super as a variable in old
functions.
And so they wanted to add the super as
a keyword only in brand new function types
that nobody would have written.
>> Kyle Simpson: So it's that old
backwards compatibility question.
>> Speaker 2: There's
a question on Java Is this A B
example why does super go second,
I don't know.
>> Kyle Simpson: In this A B
example why does super go second?
I think they're asking several Bar,
why does super have to be second here?
I don't know if this is the slide they're
asking about, but super has to go second
because there, super has to go second
because this keyword isn't usable.
>> Kyle Simpson: They're asking here,
why does super go second?
Super only has to go
first in the constructor.
This isn't a constructor,
this is just a regular method.
By the time that method's called, the this
keyword is already been initialized,
it's not in its TDZ anymore,
you can use it.
So I think that was probably the question.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right, so we can
only use super inside of concise methods.
And there's a pattern that I like to use
because I still like using object.create.
If I want to inherit from a class
into an object, I might do
an object.create of (A.prototype),
which is gonna make me a thing.
And this object.assign that
I'm using here on line 6,
it's trying to copy over from an object.
So I have an object literal that's
designed here and I wanna copy over to it.
>> Kyle Simpson: Should work, right?
I would copy my foo method from
the object literal over to
the B object which has
now linked A prototype.
And I ought be able to call B.foo,
and get a one A, two A printout.
The problem is that the this.one will
work because the this is dynamic,
but that's super keyword is statically
bound to the object literal, on line 6.
And the object literal, the super keyword
is gonna reference object.prototype.
So it doesn't dynamically
switch over to the A.prototype
content
>> Kyle Simpson: The take away
here is that, while class does have
some nice syntactic affordances,
there are more than enough corner
cases that my caution to you is,
stay within the lines if you're
gonna play with classes.
>> Kyle Simpson: Don't
try to do dynamic stuff.